Contact
5135438687 (Mobile)
jamesbrendamour7@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/james-
brendamour-4b1782112 (LinkedIn)
dev.to/jamesbmour (Blog)
github.com/jamesbmour (Other)
Top Skills
Tableau
Microsoft Power BI
Computer Science
Certifications
EY Robotic process automation -
Bronze
  
James Brendamour
Bringing technology closer to your business – One solution at a time.
Denver, Colorado, United States
Experience
Bmours
Freelance Consultant
April 2022 - Present (2 years 1 month)
Denver, Colorado, United States
Developed and launched custom websites for small businesses, integrating
advanced chat functionalities to enhance customer engagement and support.
Provided tailored networking solutions to improve connectivity, streamline
operations, and enable seamless communication for small business clients.
Enhanced security measures for small businesses, implementing robust
cybersecurity protocols to safeguard digital assets and customer data from
potential threats.
EY
Information Technology Consultant
October 2018 - September 2022 (4 years)
Denver, Colorado
- Primary developer on a large-scale Document Intelligence project,
developing sophisticated NLP models to empower clients with the ability to
process and extract critical data from extensive legal documents. Pioneered
a continuous improvement protocol allowing the client to refine the model's
accuracy over time. Introduced an interactive chat feature enabling users
to query the document directly and implemented a user-friendly GUI that
highlights the source of the queried information within the document for
streamlined verification and review.
- Spearheaded the IT transformation strategy for a major air conditioning
manufacturer, achieving $3.73M in annual savings and a 2.5-year ROI by
optimizing the enterprise architecture during the company's separation from its
parent organization.
- Drove efficiency in regression testing for an international automotive
company by automating 150 test processes in SAP S/4HANA, saving 1,800
FTE hours per deployment, leading the Quality Review and Control Team for
code excellence.
 Page 1 of 4
  
Facilitated the S4 Intelligent Automation move by collaborating with UiPath
engineers to establish requirements and creating a library of 180 standard
SAP transaction automations.
- Executed comprehensive customer segmentation for a leading gas &
electric company, aligning market sizing and purchasing propensity with
product strategies for 5 new products, and supporting visualization of market
segments.
- Contributed to the financial resilience of a multinational gas and electric
firm during COVID-19 by managing weekly financial data analyses and
transitioning reporting to a Tableau-based self-reporting system to track and
mitigate financial risks.
- Developed and refined pricing analytics tools for a major HVAC company to
enable competitive pricing and forecast price realization down to the individual
parts level, enhancing decision-making agility.
Siemens PLM Software
R&D Software Engineer Intern
May 2017 - August 2017 (4 months)
Cincinnati Area, KY
• Developed Cloud Based Machine Learning RNN models (Tensorflow & Cloud
Foundry), and Incorporated models into Siemens’ Internet of Things (IOT)
platform. Models were implemented into Siemens’ predictive maintenance
practice and optimized factory operational costs. 
• Created OPCUA server & client (java & python), giving real-time sensor data
that overlays machine using AR. 
• Used RPi & Arduino to simulate machinery sensor data for uses in Machine
Learning and cloud computing applications. 
• Began work on image recognition Tensorflow models for use in part and
machine recognition. 
• Enhanced knowledge of project management and product design in software
development, well-versed in application architecture in java and python. 
Siemens Hackathon:
• Led team of 3 in 24-hour hackathon. Created silent installer for Siemen’s
PLM software using Docker. 
 Page 2 of 4
  
• Created Docker image that eliminated need for internet and increased
cross-compatibility and performance. Concept was recognized by upper-level
executive board and was used in development of multiple PLM projects. 
The Ohio State University Fisher College of Business
Data Analytics Research Assistant
September 2015 - May 2017 (1 year 9 months)
Columbus, Ohio Area
• Created research database through Python and VBA programming to
compare business schools’ publications. Used fuzzy comparisons to scrape
and match >15K professors to projects. Findings led to publication in Journal
of Supply Chain Management.
• Extensive use of python for data and scraping university website for faculty
information. 
Ayming (ex Alma Consulting Group & Lowendalmasaï)
Consulting Intern
May 2016 - August 2016 (4 months)
Madrid Area, Spain
• Developed dynamic internal forecasting model with over 20 variables,
allowing management to greatly improve forecasting accuracy. 
• Generated client profiles on European companies including various financial
criteria to assist consultants with projects.
• Accelerated projects by condensing complex English information sources for
Spanish-speaking coworkers
• Worked alongside consulting team analyzing European companies tax and
R&D department to acquire tax incentives, and grants. 
• Preformed extensive coding in VBA to help refine and streamline the
company database
Trane
Account Manager
May 2015 - August 2015 (4 months)
Cincinnati Area
• Developed computer UI to demonstrate cost savings over time with use of
Trane systems and maintenance program. Gave sales team ability to easily
quantify saving to over 1,000 customers. 
• Presented findings to regional manager and helped create user manual for
application. 
 Page 3 of 4
  
• Managed accounts with over $100,000 in monthly sales. Problem solved to
ensure that heating and cooling systems met varied demands and customer
needs.
• Enhanced my ability to take technical knowledge and convey it in an easy to
understand format.
Education
The Ohio State University
Associate’s Degree, Integrated Systems Engineering, Minor
Business · (2013 - 2018)
Georgia Institute of Technology
Master's degree, Computer Science · (January 2021)
 Page 4 of 4
